# PacMen Exercise — PacMan Factory Game 
<p>Description of project </p> 
<p>This project was challenging, but has fun results. The PacMan Factory will create a PacMan and put it on the screen in a random location, then it will bounce around the screen at a random speed/velocity. </p>
<p>How to Run </p>
<p>After opening up this game, you will first start by clicking on “Add PacMan”, which should populate a single yellow PacMan on the screen. Then click on the “Start Game” button and that PacMan will start moving around the screen. You can then continue to “Add PacMan” as often as you want until your screen is just full of little yellow PacMen bouncing across the screen. If you click “Start Game” again, the PacMen will move even faster. </p>
<p>Roadmap of future improvements </p>
<p>Improvements that would be fun or interesting to add might be a “Stop” button that would freeze all the PacMen on the screen, a way to make multi-colored PacMen from the single-color uploaded image file, and adding other PacMan characters such as the ghosts to the screen and even making the images interactive to where one image type can make the other disappear when it touches. </p>
<p>License information: </p>
<p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</p>
<p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p>
<p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</p>
